Some people who received this message don't often get email from heather.joanne.allen@gmail.com. Learn why this is important<https://aka.ms/LearnAboutSenderIdentification>
Dear District Attorney Ozzane,

I am a Madison resident and I served for 6 years as the Legislative Analyst for the Madison Common Council. In that role, you and I had a chance to collaborate on an anti-gun violence initiative.  I enjoyed the opportunity to meet you through that process.

I have recently been made aware of a Class A purpose bred beagle dealer in Dane County, called Ridglan Farms, which has roughly 3000 dogs on site. A private pet owner would be charged with animal abuse. We must hold this facility responsible for the crimes they are committing.  I am grateful that the charges against the activists who brought this situation to light have been dropped recently, but the on-going issues at the facility must be addressed.

A similar facility, Envigo in Virginia, was closed after members of Congress expressed concerns about the USDA's failure to enforce the Animal Welfare Act. It took public outcry and lawmakers outside the USDA to expose that facility and the inhumane conditions and neglect. A similar type of investigation needs to be considered for the Ridglan facility in our own backyard.

I understand the complexities of the issue of using animals for research, but we must do better. It is my understanding that this facility falls under regulation of both the USDA, as well as Wisconsin DATCP.  Inspections by state and federal inspectors observed many concerning conditions including: Many adult dogs stacked in cages with mesh flooring, dogs not being removed from enclosure for exercise, dogs not provided any outdoor enclosures, several dogs being treated for health problems, many dogs displaying prominent stereotypical behaviors (circling, pacing, wall bouncing) -- symptoms of severe stress.  What is unclear is how this facility continues to operate with impunity with noted violations that have continued over many years.

Dane County is a leader on many important matters--we cannot allow these innocent animals to suffer in inhumane conditions.  I ask you to please consider an independent investigation of Ridglan Farms.

Sincerely,

Heather Allen
1402 Chandler Street, Madison, WI, 53711








