You don't often get email from kitana.siverly50@icloud.com. Learn why this is important<https://aka.ms/LearnAboutSenderIdentification>

District Attorney Ozanne,

I am writing because I have concerns that criminal animal abuse at Ridglan Farms in Dane County must be addressed and stopped. Over many decades, the company has been breeding dogs for brutal experiments. During that time, Ridglan has been observed violating state animal cruelty laws, such as:

  *   Surgical mutilations without anesthetics or veterinarians present
  *   Confinement in small metal cages, often in solitary confinement, leading to psychological trauma for the dogs
  *   Improper flooring and housing, causing foot injuries and infections in puppies

Instead of prosecuting Ridglan for these offenses, you have instead prosecuted the rescuers of these dogs. Please do not allow thousands of dogs in your county to endure criminal abuse. Prosecute Ridglan farms, not animal rescue.



 VETERINARIANS OATH:

            “Being admitted to the profession of veterinary medicine, I solemnly swear to use my scientific knowledge and skills for the benefit of society through the protection of animal health and welfare, the prevention and relief of animal suffering, the conservation of animal resources, the promotion of public health, and the advancement of medical knowledge.

I will practice my profession conscientiously, with dignity, and in keeping with the principles of veterinary medical ethics.

I accept as a lifelong obligation the continual improvement of my professional knowledge and competence.”


It is unlawful for any person to perform any medical or surgical procedures such as the one performed at Ridglan Farms without a veterinarian license. If any individuals that are or not licensed who work there did any of these acts or knew about them, they should immediately be terminated and justice should be brought upon these innocent dogs. As known these beagles are used for experimentation, which is supposed to be used for the greater good of the species, I say- supposed to be. Any experiments done on any animal is pain enduring. These beagles endured painful procedures without any anesthesia. This should still be considered as they are creatures who still sees, thinks, feels, and still loves. As a veterinarian technician and being able to be the voice of animals for those who cannot speak, I must say that the acts committed there were, and are, truly utterly disgusting and no animal should have to go through a torturous event such as described from various pieces of information on this subject. I have seen enough information on this, and for the sake of these helpless dogs, please investigate thoroughly and again give justice to the dogs at this in this place that’s untruthfully a “Right to Rescue”. Take consideration and help them. Do not let them mutilate these dogs no further and take action to truly for once rescue these souls.

Respectfully, Kitana Siverly
