You don't often get email from sierra_thompson9@aol.com. Learn why this is important<https://aka.ms/LearnAboutSenderIdentification>

District Attorney Ozanne,

I am writing because I have concerns that criminal animal abuse at Ridglan Farms in Dane County must be addressed and stopped. Over many decades, the company has been breeding dogs for brutal experiments. I realize you feel that since they are an incorporated business and are working in conjunction with a lab, not the one committing testing that you seem to think they’re above the laws reach, or that they are within legal means, but sadly they work in direct conjunction with a facility that commits crimes that are not with in legal range. Just by affiliating themselves with these companies they’ve established themselves as accomplices and by protecting them and not investigating further and charging them with the abuse they’ve committed you have now established yourself as an accomplice to heinous crimes. In a court of law the driver of the car goes down with the shooter, and that analogy can be applied to this circumstance as well. During that time, Ridglan has been observed violating state animal cruelty laws, such as:

  *   Surgical mutilations without anesthetics or veterinarians present
  *   Confinement in small metal cages, often in solitary confinement, leading to psychological trauma for the dogs
  *   Improper flooring and housing, causing foot injuries and infections in puppies
  *   Left dogs alone unattended for long periods of time without any surpervision and it is well known that they have pregnant dogs in their facility and that is just not acceptable.

Instead of prosecuting Ridglan for these offenses, you have instead prosecuted the rescuers of these dogs. Please do not allow thousands of dogs in your county to endure criminal abuse. Prosecute Ridglan farms, not animal rescue. If this persists, I will set up a party and a hands on organization in USA to protest and advocate for these animals in person on the front lines. I will bring social media awareness to crimes being done here and I am well within my civil rights to protest and do as such. Please do not allow the narrative of your county to crumble for supporting these treacheries, or your political standpoint to be tarnished because the public feels that you lack humility and basic civility.  I am attaching a picture of my sweet boy whom lives at home with me, my cats, our bird and ferrets and loves and play with them all. He would never hurt a fly. I hope you can look at his face and maybe scrape up some empathy for other animals besides yourself. Have a fabulous day and do consider this.

Respectfully,

Sierra Thompson

[Inline image]




Sent from the all new AOL app for iOS<https://apps.apple.com/us/app/aol-news-email-weather-video/id646100661>
