To whom this may concern,

I require immediate protection.

https://share.newsbreak.com/6fz6nucz

"Adios to our Pain Olympics. Spiked ourselves out!" "The Rothschilds have said one more time pigs" "They award themselves yearly within sacred grounds each year for their accomplishments soldiers. Gatherings of the biggest pedophiles known Globally." "Torturization is one of their largest accomplishments through the Government grand jury soldiers." "That's what they've been onto us for soldiers." "The United states Marine states soldiers.""Mass murder sprees 24/7 endangerment to society , stock market crashes as well as Child and human trafficking rings.  Consumption of  such individuals. Kill switches soldiers." "They're onto us more than ever pigs." "The Rothschild state." "We're the devil himself soldiers." "The Rothschild family states." "You'll find out whom this spik is." "Say David Rothschild has said." November 11th 2020. 21:08. "Might as well send those Big Pigs our way." "They know how to take over us pig. Just send it to those pigs." "Say the R.R Extreme terrorist organization has said." "We're fugitives Pigs!" "R.R. Pigs." 21:10. November 11th, 2020. 9:18 pm.

It is currently being admitted on the record and marked as a crutial point of interest. That the "Large corporation's major leaders/owners, crash the stock market once the economy begins to get stabilized to force people to sell their shares back to its "original enterprise. " "Such as Apple, Google, World banks, and everyone being involved within soldiers. " "Especially the world leaders soldiers. " "Says the U.S Forces soldiers. " This procedures has also been used to destroy and unstable  the global economy many different times and is being used as a form of oppressive "frame warg." According to multiple different groups EMPd within their network connections inside their warehouse domed building.  "Say the IRS has been warned dusd." "The US Global economies did." June 21st 2021. 19:39.


https://photos.app.goo.gl/2Tv8tgo7URqivr776

@uscourtmartial.gov<http://uscourtmartial.gov>
@milwaukeepd.org<http://milwaukeepd.org>
@fbi.gov<http://fbi.gov>
@tonyevers.gov<http://tonyevers.gov>
@wiaconsinstateprosecutors.gov<http://wiaconsinstateprosecutors.gov>
@worldgovernment.org<http://worldgovernment.org>
@scjn.gob.mx<http://scjn.gob.mx>
@mexicosuoremecourt.gob.mx<http://mexicosuoremecourt.gob.mx>
@worldgovernment.org<http://worldgovernment.org>
@us.gov<http://us.gov> US legislativebranch.gov<http://legislativebranch.gov> @executivebranch.gov<http://executivebranch.gov>
@gobiernomunicipaldemexico.gob.mx<http://gobiernomunicipaldemexico.gob.mx>
@winnebagosherriffsdepartment.org<http://winnebagosherriffsdepartment.org>
@menashapolice.org<http://menashapolice.org>
@un.gov<http://un.gov>
@unitednations.gov<http://unitednations.gov>
@winnebagocountycourthouse.gov<http://winnebagocountycourthouse.gov>
@outigamiecountycourthouse.gov<http://outigamiecountycourthouse.gov>
@americanbarassocitaion.org<http://americanbarassocitaion.org>
@wisconsinstatebarassociation.org<http://wisconsinstatebarassociation.org>
@projecthercules.org<http://projecthercules.org> @federalreserve.gov<http://federalreserve.gov> @usglobalbanks.gov<http://usglobalbanks.gov> @usfederalreserve.org<http://usfederalreserve.org> @wisconsin.gov<http://wisconsin.gov> @wisconsinfederalreserve.gov<http://wisconsinfederalreserve.gov> @wisconsincircuitcourts.gov<http://wisconsincircuitcourts.gov>
@uscourts.gov<http://uscourts.gov> @federalcourts.gov<http://federalcourts.gov> @congress.gov<http://congress.gov> @supremecourt.gov<http://supremecourt.gov>
@immediateresponseteam.org<http://immediateresponseteam.org>  @immediateresponseteam.gov<http://immediateresponseteam.gov>
@ussenate.gov<http://ussenate.gov> @access.gov<http://access.gov> @unitedstatesjusticeprogram.org<http://unitedstatesjusticeprogram.org> @herculesproject.org<http://herculesproject.org>
@usspecialforces.mil<http://usspecialforces.mil>

New link bellow will be my daily updates your honors.... The (K29) ending one seems to be full and not allowing me to upload full content for evidence honors.

https://photos.app.goo.gl/iUkRfv3YGoD6f1LJ8

https://photos.app.goo.gl/MprtzsDn8diEZfK29
December 9th, 2023. 4:47 am.

Contact the records department also and request for my entire records and reports....

On Wed, Apr 13, 2022, 9:02 AM Jose Leon <jos.israelleon@gmail.com<mailto:jos.israelleon@gmail.com>> wrote:

https://photos.app.goo.gl/o8YuCe1Q31djT8S7A

https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/2442

https://www.google.com/search?q=what+law+states+that+its+illegal+to+clone+human+civilians&oq=what+law+states+that+its+illegal+to+clone+human+civilians+&aqs=chrome..69i57.15799j0j7&client=ms-android-cricket-us-revc&sourceid=chrome-mobile&ie=UTF-8

https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/2441 -18 US Code 2441 War Crimes...

"The CIA directors are currently admitting once again, that they have worked as "clone streets" "to clone and traffick each child since before birth." "Including the removal or their vital organs for trafficking purposes." "Private sectors have stated the records from around the global network of human and clone  trafficking." "Directors of ICE have stated within the Wisconsin networks as we speak." "Directors Sarah, Estela, and Isabel have said." They know whom they are. As well as their special agents within their Marine Corps warehouse surounding me. I just got attacked with mega blasts of nuclear EMP drone dusd bombed to my entire being after finishing the above statements. I have seen Director Laura and other agents within do extremely disgusting things as well as her clones. Wearing plastic-leather aprons cutting up children and men up within their warehouse and removing their vital organs. They even wear those rain boots full of blood after words. They have been reminding me of this at least 5 to 10 times per week recently and since the last 2 years. As well as other men and women. Including military personnel and their leaders within. They've been doing some extremely disgusting things with children. All while forcefeeding me with live views of it and putting it onto their private live feeds- sectors under the dark web and government networks. To state the truth as well as what they have been confessing from inside and out. Also major reasons of most of their personnel being fugitives. Especially their main global leaders for extreme war crimes inhumane societies, global destruction, murder, human-clone trafficking, pedophilia-pornhub etc... they also use extreme frame wars to torture me with extreme delutional forcefed inputs into my entire being and testicles 24/7. Framing each future outcome while they terrorize me non stop. "Report." "ICE has stated within." "We have done this to every family world wide for 2 decades." "ICE Leadership has stated the truth of our records." "Director Carlos has stated." April 12th 2022. 10:18pm. Just to make things even more clear, I have never been on the dark web nor their pedophile porn. Nor will I ever watch nor be part of it. As has been stated 100s of thousands of times from the last 4 years plus, I am to terminate child pornhub. Once I enherit their assets and bring perfect balance to the new world order. According to what has been stated constantly whole threatening to kill me and my family throughout the last 4 years. "Make sure he's safe bigs." "ICE states bigs." "Director Charlse has stated within." 10:22pm. They have made Trillions of dollars oft of me and my family through illegal creations developments and extremist tech 8 exploitation since they begun to say the least. "Those are facts bigs!" "The Rothschilds have said." "He is to enherit us bigs." "Say Charles's friend stated big." 10:25pm. Stated one of the "Rothschilds" on the records. They have also known that I would never be like them and I am to be safe with the global governments and societies.  "Say it is proven." "The CIA Headquarters has stated within." "Including Millies within." 10:27pm.
"104108 big." "Be aware of where we are." "The Rockafellers did big!" This is one of their warehouse locations according to what they just said. The CIA had several inputs in regards also. As affiliates to the 104108 number after one of the "Rockafeller's friends" yelled it outloud. April 12th 2022. 11:41pm.

https://www.justice.gov/hatecrimes/laws-and-policies
All of my above screenshot records are in regards to everything that the US and global governments and their main leaders have admited towards being planned ahead. In forms of hostaging and nuclear tortures and confession through my own brain. Including  the CIA headquarters, the US Marshals Service telling me to quote them as being a major part of within all records. As well as their planned ahead confessions connected to my brain cells. They are reminding me as we speak, the importance of the evidence in which I have occumilated since they begun to take over my brain. Neutralizing it with constant tortures under nuclear warfares. "He's the Biggest one!" "Including confessions." "Say the US Global nation's service has quoted his records honors." "Even prior to the occurances your honors." "Director Donald White Washington has stated honors." "He is to be concented wealth ahead of court Captains." "The US protection services have stated Captains." "As well as the US Courts within have stated soldiers. " "Donald White  Washington has stated within honors." I have been tortured consistently throughout the entire day today. They have been rather more quiet recently. However, the tortures and nuclear blasts have continued to the back of my head. Everything that I have quoted has become true prior to the facts and the actual events as being planned ahead. Including the lives in which they have taken from my close relatives and constant death threats to my mother throughout the daily basis. We deserve protection to state the least. Their descriminative procedures are to be terminated immediately. And they must all refrain themselves from their warehouse suroundings of my family and myself.  "As well as his friends." "Say the CIA headquarters has stated the records." "Director Clara has stated."  April 12th 2022. 5:15pm. They also admitted to their mind control Procedures as many different places of the planet have been named. Including encrypted EMP societies of mass shootings, nuclear warfare, mass murders, implanted diseases, global destruction, world War etc. Including the New York trains and Japan's. All on the government records. As well as my own. "Proven facts." "The CIA states." 5:17pm.
On Fri, Apr 9, 2021, 2:09 PM Jose Leon <jos.israelleon@gmail.com<mailto:jos.israelleon@gmail.com>> wrote:
https://photos.app.goo.gl/H5sjcSR2hegdDFup8
The CIA has been constantly disrupting my time of sleep over night so that I sleep all throughout the day and not take care of my Obligations such as paying child support cleaning my room and going to the gym as my normal routine has been for the last 3 months since they began their psychotic experimenting of sleep disruption once again. "We oppress his sleep disruptions and dysfunctions for extensive frame warg progress globally." "For both friends extremist blue prints programmed by ourselves. " "On the Record." "The CIA Headquarters state." April 8th 2021  19:20. "You have no idea how much money each agency will owe you Jose. " "Especially everyone whom has part taken in your extreme tortures." "Say the U.S. Grand did." "You're a global leader in court Jose. " "Say the U.S. Government Grand did." 19:22. "Rescue himself soldiers. " "Says lawyers within." 19:23.

The entire back of my neck has been extremely tortured this entire time since they wanted me to start quoting them including the back of my head. "April 8th 2021. 19:31.

They're planning on going on vacation throughout the summer. "Each groups switches off throughout the year soldiers. " "As well as ourself." "Say the U.S. Marine Corp did soldiers. " "Say the CIA private groups take month long vacations leaving replacements behind Including their clone dusd robots." "Say the CIA did." This is beyond inhumane while i bust my ass off each and every single day being extremely tortured and my family being killed by these psychotic extremists each and every single day 24/7 since 2017 being tortured and used as a Government mule without any legal obligation nor Government pay. PLEASE HELP. They make money off of me and my family every single day even through endorsements from their companies and private sectors exploiting every single being Including duplicating of children prior to their births and replicating them for human  trafficking and extremist tortures and exploitation programs world wide. April 8th 2021. 20:49. "We're organized crime soldiers. " "Within the Government grand." "We're extremists pigs!" 20:51.

"Be careful with our floodings pigs!" "The Rockafellers did pigs!" "North of Florida has been a point of interest. " "The CIA did." April 9th 2021 04:34.

The CIA told me that they implant tuberculosis as well as every disease created by labs from the "Government grand" private scientists and spread by the CIA the U.S. Military . "Including bronchitis from us." "Say the CIA states. " April 9th 2021. 06:27. "Obviously, told us to killed you both." "Says our director within did." As I was just death threatened by one of their directors within. They have been trying to kill me for ABSOLUTELY NO GOOD REASON SINCE THEY BEGAN THEIR CORRELATING PROCEDURES IN 2017 PRIOR TO SPLITTING MY PERFECTLY GOOD RELATION SHIT WITHOUT MY KNOWLEDGE. Just to torment and continue their extremist experimenting with nuclear warfare since 2018 after I moved in to my new place back to my parents home. We have all been home invaded espyonaged agaisnt and raped in every way possible since beyond the extreme especially with myself to state the Obvious. They are constantly out loud within my surroundings and are attached to my self via brain warg programs and torture drone dusd brain implant devices. Connecting themselves and their ENTIRE WAREHOUSE which is a duplicate of the "Mercedes dome" more or less according to themselves. Including size wise according to one of their privates on quiet mode to my right as he whispers towards myself.  It feels as if they were trying to kill me prior to my FTCA Claim agent reaching out to me. They recieved it March 15th 2021. and I was told by one of their call back reps in which I have voice mail proof saying that it normally takes 6 to 8 weeks for them to get back to me by a tort claim agent. April 9th 2021. 06:40.
"That's  a major one against us." "On the recorded line." "The FBI is onto us." "The CIA states." "The U.S. Marshall has warrants in hand." "Including your rescue forces." "The U.S. Marshall states." April 9th 2021. 14:01.

On Wed, Mar 24, 2021, 04:36 Jose Leon <jos.israelleon@gmail.com<mailto:jos.israelleon@gmail.com>> wrote:
https://photos.app.goo.gl/Cy7CkoEDKfCWcyFA7
The Rockafellers began their extremist tortures and dialogue "War programs" instigating against themselves as they have been each and every single day that i get to work. They began by droning EMP torture gadgets sending shock waves to the back left side of my skull nerves and began to obsess over myself and my future according to themselves as well as multiple of their private reserves. Then asked their psychiatrists within what they should do in this case and the psychiatrists said that logically speaking "For themselves.  Is detachment from your self." "Says their Primary care doctor." "You'll find out whom." Basically saying that the healthier thing for the Rockafellers family to do is to detach themselves from my self as well as my family due to the Obvious obsessive compulsive behavioral health against ourselves.  "Good luck in court.  The Rockers did." Said one of "themselves" within their facility while an older man is EMPd right behind me to my right as being one of their family members also one of the main instigators as of recent "years" according to themselves.  They have also continued to force emotional feelings towards their daughters "and grand children" within just about every single day for years since after they began especially within the last couple of months. Including marriage.  "Fuck you spik!" "Say the Rockers said. " The doctors within also recommended that they take deep breathes and to use cirums so that they can relax from their psychosis statement of mind. "Psychotic soldiers. " "Say the States reps did." I have been trying to do the same thing while they constantly attack my emotional thought process including my lungs to make things that much worst. "They bring their psychologists and main doctors within soldiers. " "To ensure their safety soldiers. " "Even Cuban's primary care doctor soldiers. " March 23rd 2021. "Good luck in court soldiers. " "Say witness protection states." Said a women's voice in the background behind a computer..They continue to take turns droning different shock wave Explosive devices to my insides including my liver as well as my head. March 23rd 2021. 19:54.

One of the CIA women within just stated in the background as I continue to be tortured infront of everyone within. saying  "He's  being surrounded soldiers. " "Being hostaged and tortured against his will." Then I was told to write it down to state the Obvious by one of their private reserve. March 23rd 2021. 20:52.

There have been many death threats to everyone within Including the destruction of "Infinite worlds" by multiple men within Including the Rothschilds family.  "Until his rescue arrives pigs!" Death threats Including federal reserves within Including CIA and witness protection. "For not sending his rescue pigs!" Both being bribed within according to their private reserve as well  as multiple men and women within. "They're threatening to destroy both Incient civilizations soldiers. " "Say the Airforce 1 did." "As well as Special Ops soldiers. " March 23rd 2021. 20:57. "That's a Major threat to both worlds Including our own." "The CIA states."

They're making me feel miserable beyond the extreme today while my tortures continue to be uninterrupted and added agaisnt my self. The chest devices have been bipolarly altered up and down within their synthesizeing programs beyond the extreme level of tortures in connections to the head brain liver and heart devices all at once. "Including Trump droning nukes to his head." "As well as his kids." "Say the CIA states." "They're both recorded within soldiers. " "As well as ours." "The U.S. Marshall Service states soldiers. " March 23rd 2021. 21:56.

As of the last 2 minutes plus, live views of Melania Trump in the background sitting down behind a white wooden desk wearing a Red Velvet business suit and matching  skirt droning multiple explosions EMP'd from my body to my head multiple times. "As well as her clone dusd soldiers m" "The U.S. Special Services soldiers. " "As well as the FBI." "Say director in chief did." Say is currently saying "You'll find out who." multiple times meaning you'll find out "Why" as they switch their dialogue onto their private live sectors for mistrackable circumstances. "They're both fucked soldiers. " "As well as ourselves "Says the U.S. Marshall." "Say they're onto us." "Says Melania Trump did." Says the same image of herself right behind me not even 5 feet away as i write this quoted message inside the upstairs womens bathrooms of my work place at the Mechanic area. "They have both pin pointed Jose. " "Says the U.S. Marshall Service." "As well as the CIA  soldiers." "You know whom soldiers. " "Says Ivan soldiers. " March 23rd 2021. 22:25.

 According to themselves as well as everyone else whom has previously admitted to it, the main reason they began to torture me is to get their business assets boosted by the Rockafeller as well as the Rothschilds. Including major asset owners such as Jeff  Bezos Mark Cuban as well as Trump and the old men from Hollywood.  "They're onto all of us spik." "You'll know who." "Says the Rothschilds friend did." 22:28. Please send rescue from their psychotic hostage programs of extremist attacks. You know what is planned and what has continued to occur world wide. To say the least. 22:29.

"WE PIGGED OUR PEGGIE ROTHSCHILD JOB!" "AS WELL AS PEGGIE ROCKEFELLERS." "Say the Rothschilds did!" "Guarantee you they're both dead after court." "Say the Rothschild friend did." They insisted that i write down their names since 10:47pm. and kept on reminding me saying they're in connections to "Betty Crockers friends" as well as "Betty White." "You'll find out whom." "Say Peggie Rockafeller did." March 23rd 2021. 22:59. "They're yours jose." "Your welcome!" "The Rothschilds did." 23:00. They also encrypted their own forgiveness to these individuals within my eardrum and brain devices nonstop as well as recorded encryptions within This statement. Overwhelmingly torturing the back and front of my head and brain nerves all at once. 23:02.

Between 12:40 and 12:48 am, I swerved off the road almost getting into a car crash due to distractions from the dialogue involving the CIA  and the Rockafellers friends with mind controlled implanted feeling of having to crack my neck as the Rockafellers old friend continued to instigate against himself.  "We wrote everything ." "The CIA states." The Constant investigations were of the Rockafellers trying to force everyone within into thinking they're God themselves  or "Dios's friends" as they like to call themselves while acting very psychotic and their younger sons insanely yelling within their warehouse facility talking shit the whole time to their private forces and every one within yelling death threats and torturing me non stop. Also threatened to "Brain dead" torture and bomb my daughter the same way that They've been doing to myself. They're WAY OUT OF HAND ESPECIALLY WITH THEIR BRIBE WARG PROGRAMS. "Say their Private sectors are being reported. Including IRS reports." "Say the IRS states." "As well as public affairs." "Say their new client within did." They've been saying everything is being recorded and reported however nobody is doing anything to stop it nor reduce my tortures. Only contributing to such. "Obvious we're dead." "Their private affairs did." Said a women as she writes to myself behind a computer screen and mouse pad. This people are Not to be trusted. and must be reported IMMEDIATELY.  "They're our terro-dots pigs!" "They shoot for us within private sectors pigs!" "The Rothschilds did." "As well as the Rockers." 2 men i just quoted to state and prove the Obvious. Not one within their circles is to be trusted. March 24th 2021. 02:05.

They use their artificial intelligence via electrode magnetic pulses Pulses replicating brain neurons via electrode waves and manipulating them to make any brain feel and force them to think the way they want. In my case using them as extreme tortures to myself as they constant forces constant investigative thoughts against themselves as they pool obviously implant them themselves while framing me onto their private sectors live feeds via "brain warg connections" as well as brian implant "cloud warg records." "Say the CIA states. " "Could not have explained it better myself while being oppressed soldiers. " "Say the United states Private Records for court have stated." "Has did." "Both records did." "As well as us soldiers. " "The United states Marshall Service did." March 24th 2021. 04:24.   They force those delusional implanted thoughts non stop Especially within the last few months as they have been extending their dialogue throughout the day and night longer just to continue their tortures "expidating" them against my self. Even thoughts that have been recorded and programmed by themselves from their own brain records and Private records of previous frame warg records have all been used against myself during this extremist attack. "As well as our mind controlled shootings pigs!" "Colorado Springs Pigs!" "You'll find out when." "Say the Rockefellers did!" "As well as Boulder shooting soldiers. " "Many more to come if we dont send for his rescue soldiers. " "The  FBI did." "As well as Special forces soldiers. " They use these overwhelming torturous thoughts to innocent (Men) without their knowledge of being manipulated against and warehoused within their surroundings and it results it has resulted into the biggest MASSACRES in history. Due to bribe warg and extremist Negligence from facing what the actual problem has been which is within my suroundings in the state of Wisconsin.  "SAY WE'RE THE MAIN ONE PIGS " "THE BUGATTI FRIEND DID." "Including New Yorkers.......We're in Wisconsin pigs!" "Say the Grand Jury states!" "Say its the Grand Jury Jose. " "The United states Airforce 1 did soldiers. " "The main ones are fugitives soldiers. " "Blue printed to destroy the entire globe soldiers. " "The U.S. National Forces did soldiers. " "We have been warned soldiers. " "The United Air Field did soldiers. " March 24th 2021. 04:16.  "The Capital Riots soldiers. " "The fucked up trump's riot soldiers. " "The United states forces did soldiers. " "He warned you 2 weeks before George Floyd's death soldiers. " "Say the U.S. Special Forces have stated soldiers. "

On Tue, Mar 23, 2021, 12:51 Jose Leon <jos.israelleon@gmail.com<mailto:jos.israelleon@gmail.com>> wrote:
https://photos.app.goo.gl/3HncxLD6TuaTUtAx8
Multiple men and women within their warehouse facility are currently admitting to blowing up nuclear explosions "Into Republican party members as well as democrats soldiers. " "Including the Wisconsin states without their previous knowledge soldiers. " "Even within their knowledge say the CIA states." "Including their own children." "Say the CIA states once again." "As well as the U.S. Marshall and the United states Marine Corp soldiers. " Also admitting that they encrypt the nuclear explosions via the same procedures that they have been following with my every day tortures even blending in each nuclear explosion to the back of my head with my every foot step on and off depending of their premeditated programs. "Thats how its been." "Say the CIA did." "As well as Secret Service within." March 22nd 2021. 19:16. "Say they're onto us for Obvious reasons." "Including warrants for global warming and  extremist attacks." "Say the Secret Service Did." 19:17. "Thats a big one! Witness Protection States." 19:17.

They're currently putting my social security card and number onto their Private sector live feed. "As well as our big!" "The Rockers did!" "The most irresponsible extremists in history." "Says both witnesses within." "Global sectors soldiers. " "Says the U.S. Marshall Service. " "As well as Global Services." March 22nd 2021. 19:52.

They're threatening to kill one of my close aunts. Her Name is Bertha Paloblanco Leon whom lives at the Greenville trailer park. "Say implants!" "And torture devices. " "The CIA did." March 22nd 2021. 20:41. currently images of her clone dusd to my ledt about 10 feet away holding a military grade remote controller. "They torture themselves soldiers. " "Say the U.S. Marshall Service did." "The same way as his soldiers. " "Similar procedures and EMP devices. " "Say the Clone dusd warriors did." March 22nd 2021. 20:43. This has gone too far they have killed 8 of my family members since 2019 5 within the last 3 nonths 4 of which were from the samr small town in Mexico all being my aunts in very painful ways and the last one my uncle Elias within the last week. "Obvious they'll have to be rescued." "The CIA did. " March 22nd 2021. 20:46.

The CIA director is admitting while being recorded "On the record " to implanting "A lot more mental illness globally since Donald Trump began in office. " Also admitting to have temporarily blaming it on "Quarantine procedures." while they surround "both friends globally." "The CIA stated facts." "Laura said." "That's one of their big directors soldiers. " "You know whom soldiers ." "Their reserve did soldiers. " "We have to tell the truth." "They're in for us." "Say Laura states." March 22nd 2021. 21:35. Knowing they're all encrypted tortures and blaming it on mental illness. "As well as social anxiety via frame warg and brain control tortures." "Say their Private witnesses did." Said a women to my far right wearing a black skirt businesses suit with brown hair. "That's one of the witness protection terro-dots soldiers. " "The Airforce 1 did soldiers. " 21:38.

"The U.S. Termoil has been destroyed by us." "The CIA states." March 22nd 2021. 21:39. "Be aware of the gas prices pigs!" "The Rothschilds did." "That is only if they dont rescue him soldiers. " "The CIA protective service did." "They're onto us soldiers. " "The Leons must be rescued pigs!" "The Bugatti friend did!" 21:41.

The Rockafellers family members within their warehouse have been urging me to look up their daughters for the last few days a lot more than normal tonight as they said that they are within. They're being very pushy and constantly instigating sexual relations with them "As well as marriage. " "According to the Rockers friends." "Says the Rockers for us." They have been trying to seduce me with their own daughters while obsessively  checking their programs to see how I feel about it as well as their time programs to see if I have sex with them. "That's no joke soldiers. " "They're beyond obsessed with his friends Especially with himself soldiers. " "He wills both of their friends assets to say the least soldiers. " "The Airforce 1 did soldiers. " "As well as the U.S. Marshall Service ." "You'll find out whoo." "The CIA states." March 23rd 2021. 01:14.

I just woke up after having a dream of a little girl younger than my own however me being her father and them pretending she was my daughter.Within this dream, they would torture kids after abducting them from their families and wpild take them upstairs into this white-multi colored home in which they would use to experiment against them via torture as well as rape their "brain cells" according to a red head young man with freckles saying "They're onto us through his friend multiple prior to me writing this statement. This implanted dream was based on a 3rd world country. I went to their house based on what the little girl told me as well as multiple children that I saw inside a tent prior to the little girl coming up to me. She pointed out where they lived and I went up and confronted. They were on drugs and admitted to have used those torture devices against the little girl whom they say was "Cielo" the name of my daughter. They began to show me their torture gadgets including a brass brass golden white colored device kn which they have used according to themselves "Since the 1970s." "According to themselves , they use it as "brain cell listening devices." then they pulled out the circle pointed brass colored with  purple straps that they use for "torture." I will draw a picture of both and screenshot it for further evidence. "They're part of our mafia spiks." "Foreign pigs!" "The Rothschilds did!" "Say they're onto us." "As well as Romania." "Their mafias did." Said the young red head man within short military hair cut with freckles. Not being one of the ones from the footage within the confrontation. "It's all being recorded Jose. " "The Rothschilds did. " March 23rd 2021. 12:12. "You'll see whom those pigs are." "That's our jr mafias." "Say R-kells did."
Also i woke up with a black dot being used as a recording devices to the left side of my right eye. prior to writing the previous statement.  March 23rd 2021. 12:32.

On Mon, Mar 22, 2021, 16:55 Jose Leon <jos.israelleon@gmail.com<mailto:jos.israelleon@gmail.com>> wrote:
https://photos.app.goo.gl/Q8rY1Y56y3P84iYg7
I've been sleep disrupted since 9am today with exhaustion cirums and devices while running their analytic programs to see what I think and feel everytime they wake me with the Rockafeller family members in the background old men Including John d jr face. "As well as his robots soldiers. " "The United Marshall Service states." Their private marine corp sat right behind me torturing me the entire time i was sleep "distressed" as well as my clone dusd look alike. "Controlling your fears." "Say your warrior did." They use synthesizers and cirums to oppress my thought process and emotional feelings to not reach out for help. "As well as Cielo Soldiers. " "That's his kid." "The Air Marshall Forces did soldiers. " Immediately after I wake up each and every day they begin their psychological programs while bombing the back of my head and oppressing me as we speak. That is a major threat to every single family whom they have been targetting without their knowledge and torturing mass murdering them as well. Take notes to the best of Ability. These statements are very critical and EXTREMELY CRUTIAL.  "We're warranted fugitives soldiers. " "Say their private reserve did
" "As well as the U.S. Forces soldiers." "For you know whom." March 23rd 2021. 16:23.

"Meredith Rothschild has fucked the world up!" "Say their friends did." "Say AS WELL AS US!" "The Bugatti friends did." March 21st 2021. 20:09. "She's been warned soldiers. " "She's been warranted under limits accodding to themselves soldiers." "We know what warrants moon." "The U.S Special Forces did soldiers. " "Mathafuck You Spik." "Say Meredith state farm commerce states." "Sah Meredith is beyond FUCKED in court soldiers. " "You know why soldiers. " "The Airforce 1 did." March 21st 2021. 20:13.
Multiple men are telling me to look out for this women due to the extremist level of terrorism rhat she has lead under her oath. "You'll find out why Jose. " "The U.S. Special Ops states." March 21st 2021. 20:16.

Non stop overwhelming waves of EMP have been torturing my entire head since my last screenshot. Literally NONSTOP even while just trying to relax watching a movie with friends. Including waves to my chest and liver the same way via network connections to my brain. 'It's much worst than it sounds soldiers ." "It says its too much soldiers. " "Its programmed soldiers. " "Private directors did." Said both a male private as well as a women "director" behind me to my left. March 21st 2021. 16:54. I have complained on multiple occasions due to the overwhelming pain however they will not stop and they make it even worst each time I complain.

Including nuclear explosions to the back and sides of my head. 16:56.

Their private reserve switched their programs at least a thousand times while i was just trying to go about my daily routine at work with constant bi polar tortures to my liver and each of my vital organs especially my head as their programs are all connected bipolarly switching their programs within less than minutes obsessively checking their time "traps" and time lapse programs and procedures trying to brain wash me and everyone else whom is listening into their own insolence so that they continue their extremist attacks all at once. "Its extreme psychological warfare to us soldiers. " "He knows best soldiers. " "The U.S. M.C. did soldiers. " It is beyond painful extremist tortures as i am the one whom suffers their insolence.  "He's the one whom suffers." "You've been warned about your futures with us." "The CIA states." "We're blue printed to go within each friend and have been for many years. " "They're the black sheep in part soldiers as well as the bood kids within your friends soldiers. " "The U.S. Special forces did soldiers. " March 21st 2021. 12:32. "Send his rescue or suffer the consequences." "Say the CIA has stated." I was literally forced to quote one of their women directors within to say that last statement. "They know our programs." "The CIA states." 12:35.


On Fri, Mar 19, 2021, 14:08 Jose Leon <jos.israelleon@gmail.com<mailto:jos.israelleon@gmail.com>> wrote:
https://photos.app.goo.gl/67xE3soBpTatordu7
They've been death threatening my sister araceli whom lives in Mexico at least once per day throughout their dialogue for 2 years plus. As well as my sister Ofelia whom lives near. "AS WELL AS HER FRIENDS! ""Says the Rockers did!" March 18th 2021. 20:18.

They egg each other on through their organized tortures through out each day between each family member friend and government agency agent director personnel, soldier vet etc... via their premeditated dialogue in which they choose different options and ways of torture against my self then getting each member within involved within their premeditated knowledge as they connect themselves to the extreme torture programs and procedures. Each member takes their turn throughout the day to drone explosives into my insides and blows them up mainly to the back of my head each time as well as constant droning and switching their torture gadgets and devices to torture my vital organs while forcing their own implanted insolences into their devices while their private vets synthesize each my emotional thought process for overwhelming tortures and emotional feelings via artificial intelligence. They blew up many explosives mainly to the right side of the back of my head while writing this "scriptures" "Its organized crime wars soldiers. " "With extremist attacks globally." "As well as his own blood soldiers. " "Say the U.S. Special Forces did soldiers. " They also admitted that by doing this, it could potentially salvage their assets as well as their lives in court by getting everyone involved into their organized extremist attacks.  "We're Dead beyond belief soldiers. " "The CIA head quarters states." "We'd be delusional to think other wise." "Say directors in chief states." "It's their own friends delusional insolence soldiers. " "The United states Marshall Service states."  They're currently inputting that they torture my daughter the same way. "We're fucking dead soldiers. " "He'll find out both soldiers. " "It's the CIA soldiers. " "The FBI states." March 18th 2021.   21:40.

I continue to be bullied tortured harrassed death threatened and being extremely tortured against saying that they plan on staging my death via "via car crash progress" "As well as Cielo's soldiers. " "The Air Marshall did soldiers. " This is beyond inhumane as they continue to implant their own thoughts every time they tell me ro write what they plan and have been premeditating against my self and future generations. While also implanting their own forgiveness and and self permissions to do so ahead of time overwhelmingly through my self in a very extremist delusional and perversive type of way. Reason being why they plan my entire day ahead framing my future by the minute oppressing my memory constantly even just to leave the house. Making me forget what i was trying to do from one second to another with their brain implant and oppressive gadgets. "Those are only tempo fixes to us soldiers. " "Leading to brain dwad tortures and extremist attacks world wide soldiers. " "You know whom has been leading both soldiers. " "The U.S. Marine Corp did soldiers." Tears want to come out of my eyes due to the extremist inhumanity and how many innocent children and families they have framed and mass murdered since they began their programs but their oppressing my emotional feelings from me as they plan on continuing until everyone is dead or they get turned in if i dont get rescued. Please help! "We have many hostages soldiers. " "We'll kill both." "Say the Forces within did." March 18th 2021. 22:58.

From 11:55-11:59pm, one of the Rockafellers friends instigated much death threats to my family as well as myself. Threatening to "Sick" my mother multiple times. Via high blood pressure and disease implantation procedures. They have taken it too far. Please send rescue and remove these extremist being away from me and my family immediately... They are threatening one of their privates whom i was going to quote to "sick her "if i quoted him. And he said "mejor me callo" meaning "I'll be quiet instead.  "Its the Rockafeller friends soldiers. " "Private soldier did soldiers. " "FUCK YOU SPIK." Said one of their "family members to my left while i sit in my mothers vehicle right after getting home. "Say David's friend did." March 19th 2021. 00:11.

Every bit of knowledge is being exploited and sucked out of me with their devices keeping close track even of how much torture it'll take as they keep draining and torturing my life away till my death. "Say the CIA keeps track of both while we continue to murder each individual family alive even within their knowledge of our surroundings." "Say the CIA did." "As well as us soldiers. " "The US Forces within network connection of the FBI and the U.S. Marshall Service soldiers." "He'll own both before court." "Say the Rothschilds Only willed son did." "Its himself soldiers. " "The CIA states." Be aware of their inexcusable extremist attacks as they continue to premeditate murder my family and myself being EXTREMELY TORTURED AND UNDER TELESCOPE EXPLOITED WITHIN RAPING PROCEDURES 24/7. We'll have to send rescue soldiers. " "Say the CIA did." "As well as the Air Marshall Service soldiers. " "Be aware of our extremist terrorist groups within our surroundings as well as ourselves." "We have done this within Warranted procedures and have taken part of each individual attack for decades soldiers. " "The U.S. Marshall Service did soldiers. " March 19th 2021. 01:46.

My vital organs get analyzed 24/7 throughout their "death road rpogress" with constant connections to their voices and they analytical programs and synthesizers while torturing me via EMP waves and many different torture gadgets and procedures. Working EXTREMELY HARD towards their actuality of their constant death threats while it tells them how many years until they can kill me via one of multiple vital organs within their premeditated murder programs and procedures including brain dead and deaf programs since they bomb my ear drums from within my brain via EMP nuclear explosions creating burts to connect the impacts from within my brain to the inside of my ear drums very harshly each time. Especially my left ear drum lately. They normally have an input as you have been able to tell from most of my statements. They currently seem to be speechless as multiple people to my left and my surroundings continue to write down. "In their defense." "Say the CIA did." "We fucked up soldiers. " "That's the end of us soldiers. " "We are fugitives as well as the main leaders and their friends soldiers. " "The U.S. Global Forces did soldiers. " March 19th 2021. 02:23.

The CIA's clone dusd is currently torturing my left ear with lazer shocking and pulsating gadgets as they have more within recent days. March 19th 2021. 02:35.

They're currently relating the episode of American Dad Season 15 Ep.5 the cartoon animated adult show in which is based in complete world destruction via encrytpions of what is actually planned ahead to happen if a main general doesn't get "Busted" "We wrote it down soldiers. " "Many recent shows were paid to encrypt their blue prints ahead soldiers. " "The creators of the show's writers have been within soldiers. " "Say the CIA did." "As well as the U.S. Forces and Marshall Service as witnesses of both whom have been within soldiers. " "The Air Marshall states." "Those are big encrytpions pigs." "The biggest shows within our Hollywood connections." "Say the Rothschilds did." March 19th 2021. 02:52. "Send it in Jose. " "The Air Marshall did soldiers. "

On Thu, Mar 18, 2021, 12:03 Jose Leon <jos.israelleon@gmail.com<mailto:jos.israelleon@gmail.com>> wrote:
https://photos.app.goo.gl/8fbCLnvxR13Cit1H6
They've been instigating through their dialogue against the FBI as well as police forces from New York that they have been bribed literally until they destroy the entire globe. "And beyond pigs!" "Say the Rockefellers did." While giving different alternatives to the police forces whom have been recording them such as last resort options for salvation of "infinite worlds" whom they have been destroying "24/7" according to what they admitted to once again since i began work from 18:40-16:55 today. One of the options is for the Authorities as well as the every police force recording them to report them to "human resources" "Or to send for your rescue spik!" "The Rothschilds did." "They literally can Jose. " "The Wisconsin police forces are being bribed soldiers. " "He'll find out whom." "As well as Wisconsin governors pigs." "They'll have to send your rescue and report both in order to rescue their own families from everyone of us." "Guaranteed Jose. " "Say the CIA states." "As well as both friends within soldiers. " "We'll have to cooperate with your rescue forces as soon as the orders are given." "Say the Rothschilds ISIS extremist organization states." "Say David did!" "They'll be taken over be the FBI. Including mental break downs spik!" "Including us spik!"  "David did!" March 17th 2021. 20:27.

"Check Kansas city soldiers. " "Say the U.S. Special Forces did soldiers. " "1:20pm" 22:04-06. Hindred march 17th 2021.

Within their death threats, they have been saying "asta tu tio Elias" since the last 2 years  including today saying that  my cousin "Elias" is under "brain dead progress" I just came home from work about 30 plus minutes ago and my mother told me that my uncle "Elias" died a few days ago. Him being my grand father's brother whom according by their "reserve" was killed by themselves at age 84. "Its kill switch progress for us." "Say Private reserve did." "As well as the Grand Jury Soldiers. "   Im sick of their psychotic death threats to my family as well as myself with actual deaths "to follow after the fact." "The clone dusd grand jury did." Said multiple people within their circle one of which they have seen Bugatti "friends" wearing a black judge's vest younger looking with white hair. "They're clone dusd warriors for us." "Say John Gregg Jr. States pigs." "They know whom Jose. " 'They heard both friends regardless of their Insolences." "The United states Marshall Service did." "Say we'll have to retaliate Jose. " "The U.S. Grand Jury states soldiers. " They said that soon after the Rockers friends private reserve began to implant thoughts of them not sending for my rescue when they said they would as they have recieved my FTCA Claim.   March 18th 2021. 01:18.
My head is still being targeted with nuclear explosives including while writing this above statement. Send rescue for my family immediately.  March 18th 2021. 01:19.

One of the Rockafeller's friends is currently waiting sitting down on a steel chair with a black rectangular hand  hand wrapped device in which connects to his "neurons and brain implants" as they try to get me to masturbate to one of their adult porn sites. "That's how they rape kids soldiers. " "They connect to their framed warg pedophiles without their knowledge.  "The feel what they feel soldiers. " "Same way theyre connected to his self soldiers ." "Mark did vet of the U.S. Marine Corp soldiers." "Say as well as Anthony Johnson." "Both from New York soldiers ." "Including the main pedos." "Mark did soldiers. " "They have us synthesize his emotional feels including for frame warg mind control drinking problems domestic abuse, suicides and mass shootings from both groups within soldiers. " "As well as split friends marriages marriages soldiers. " "The U.S. Forces did soldiers. " "As well as CIA soldiers ." "That's a big one!" "Instated cia personnel did." March 18th 2021. 03:05 "As well as well as disasters in Cuba and Puerto Rico territory within  pur knowledge soldiers. " "The U.S. Marshall Service states." March 18th 2021. 03:07.

On Wed, Mar 17, 2021, 05:19 Jose Leon <jos.israelleon@gmail.com<mailto:jos.israelleon@gmail.com>> wrote:
https://photos.app.goo.gl/Xz7A5Y9qmtuniey3A
They are running their frame warg programs constantly seeming very desperate as running out of options threatening to send the memasha police department to question my family about my being knowing that i am completely normal being around them Including my friends. "Its obvious they know Jose. " "They've known soldiers. " "They would have locked them up if they could by now. " "Say Witness protection states." "As well as every major witness within." "AS WELL AS US PIGS." "The Rockafellers did!" "Guarantee they write both Jose. " "Say the U.S. Marshall Service did. " March 16th 2021. 20:50. "Great for you SPIK!" "David did!" 20:51. "That is a big one he is being frame worst." "Say la migra states." "Immigration has been recording us." "Say the CIA director in chief did." "He'll own his clone dusd friends as well as friends within ." "Say the CIA states. " "As well as his clone dusd frame wars." 20:53.

Multiple people within their facility have been urging me to write down that they are trying to brain dead every single individual "globally as well as the entire state of Wisconsin to state the facts soldiers. " "The U.S. Marshall Service did." "Especially children soldiers. " "Including your own soldiers. " "The U.S. Special Forces did soldiers. " According to them as it has been constantly instigated "prior to war" "They plan on bombing the entire U.S. Borders soldiers. " "Including New York and destroying the entire state of Wisconsin." "They plan on killing you both soldiers. " "The U.S. Marshall Service did soldiers. "  Also said they plan on destroying dt Menasha and its surroundings to rebuild with their own assets during their "Nuclear warfare extremist attacks while framing other nations world wide soldiers. " "The U.S. Special forces did soldiers. " "That's the biggest one yet soldiers. " "We see their blue prints in which they continue to bribe both to follow soldiers. " "Say the U.S. Marine Corp state soldiers. " "We're EMPd and warranted against during civil war between their friends soldiers. " "The U.S. Marine Corp did soldiers. " "They're encrypted wars with extremist attacks globally."  Especially in the U.S. Being lead by the Rockafeller friends as well as the Rothschilds with unity against each other." "Say they're fugitives soldiers. " "Trying to destroy everything within before being caught. " "Say you know whom soldiers. " "That's the simplified versions of the Obvious soldiers. " "The U.S. Forces did soldiers. " "You'll have to rescue his head from his." "He's warned us all." "The U.S. Air Marshall Service did soldiers. " March 16th 2021. They've been nonstop torturing me even in my sleep 24/7 since they began using cirums and mind control not to reach out the authorities every single day. "Say menasha police has been recording both soldiers as well as ourselves."  The U.S. Marshall Service has said." 22:35.

A very important thing as a reminder of my prior statements since 2019, many individual that writes down what they are doing to each family as well as prophecies, has been submitted as a "tort claim" pretending to be an actual being. "People actually have Jose. " "Other than our own terro-dots just to keep everyone busy for their time war programs." "Say the U.S. Witness protection states." "They pay us both." "Say our main director states." They flood many reports including comment lines so that actual individuals being affected by them Including my self take longer to be rescued prior to their death throad procedures. "Including suicides." "Say witness protection states. " "Including the CIA soldiers. " "Controlled and overwhelmed by all of us groups within each state soldiers. " "Say every group within did." "Including the ISIS extreme terrorist organization. " "Says the CIA directors within." March 16th 2021. 22:45.

I fear for me and my families life. Please get these people away from all of us. March 16th 2021.22:49. Im sick of them taking advantage of us and torturing me to state the Obvious 24/7 and exploiting every bit of myself 24/7. Please move these people Way from our lives! 22:50.

They have been very insistent to me writing down that they use all of those extra reports via falsified records to get more money from the "Government Grant" to blame on mental health. So that they can split the profit that comes out of each grant. "That's exactly what its been." "Say Laura from the CIA states." "Say literally off of each grant. We have ways and different groups for both globally." "The CIA directors within did." "They split each grant between each one of their friends while they treat us like garbage soldiers. " "The U.S. Special forces did soldiers. " "They over fund us for a reason soldiers. " "They keep most of it and split between they self and bribe both forces soldiers. " "The U.S. Special forces did soldiers. " "As well as Special Ops soldiers. " March 16th 2021. 23:01.

They're telling me that the IRS Frames innocent "friends" in connection to immigration when they're at risk of deportation as well as the FBI using mind control programs to make mistakes and leading them into being directed to their watch while doing so all connected to the largest extremist pirating groups globally. "Especially when they get too close to getting us caught soldiers. " "Say you'll be safe from us." "Says the IRS within Jose. " "They'll find out why." "Say immigration is withholding your paper work for us." "The old move did." "You'll be rescued." "As well as your friends." "The Witness protection states." March 16th 2021. 23:27.

"Its the biggest government scam in history!" "Especially tax fraud from us!" "Say the Rockers did pig!" "Fuck you spik!" "Say J D did!" March 16th 2021. 23:31. "More trillions than can be counted." "Say the CIA states." 23:31.

An old man about 70 plus talking back and forth through "through their Private  instigative procedures bringing up my rescue and trying to find way to "illegally deport" me or to transfering me to one of their private facilities to dispose of myself "Including his friends soldiers. " "Says private witnesses did soldiers. " While im being to by their witness protection that I'll be "ensured transport. As well as safety of your friends." "Including yourself Jose. " "The Witness protection has stated." "As well as the U.S. Marshall Service within. " March 16th 2021. 23:44. "Its frame warg tortures." "Including murders of his friends!" "The Rockers did!" They are very much trying to force their artificial intelligence upon my self constantly to make me think that i wont get rescued and cancelling out every single possible positive outcomes for myself in this horrible circumstance. "We'll have to remove ourselves soldiers. " "You know what else." '"The U.S. Marine Corp did soldiers. " instigating that they'll pull the kill switch and leaving us all brain dead after removing themselves. "That's exactly what happens soldiers. " "The CIA states." PLEASE HELP.  "His brain is still alive soldiers. " "We neutralized both soldiers. " "They'll have to leave it on Auto Tune." "Say the U.S. Forces did " "You'll know who Jose. " "Special Forces did soldiers. " March 16th 2021. 23:51.  "We have warehouses in Wisconsin dells pigs!" "Be aware of his suroundings pigs!" Also threatening by the old men behind me that if "you stay put, We'll bomb both!" According to one of the Rockafel.   friends behind me. "They've bombing both soldiers. " "Especially within the trailer park soldiers. " "Say the U.S. Marine Corp did soldiers. " 23:54.

I am being forced to write down due to extremist tortures non stop that... "Everything that has been recorded for decades has been FBI police work for decades including our extremist attacks in which have been reported several times by yourselves since August of 2019." "Say lawyers within state." "That's a fact soldiers. " "They have been enforcing their extremist attacks for too many decades!" "Say U.S. Special Counsel have stated within our records." "Send both tomorrow morning they have to send witness protection your way." "Say the CIA protective services did." March 16th 2021. 00:43. "They've neglected him for too long soldiers. " "Special Counsel has said." 00:44.

"Its facebook live pigs!" "The Rockers friend did!" "Under the Anonymous private sectors soldiers." "You know whom soldiers. " "The U.S. Marine Corp from New York soldiers. " "As well as Air Force 1 soldiers. " March 16
7th 2021. 02:08.

The Rockafellers clone dusd dialogue has been instigative IMPROB the entire time and has been programmed for them to repeat the same procedure over and over again within their circles switching from one person to another every have an hour or so including toddlers young teenage child soldiers, mid 20s and over 100 years old both men and women. All instigating tortures against myself always pretending that it is me instigating while they check one of their analytical programs to check what I truly feel each time and seeing the further progress as they continue to distort their emotional thought process via frame warg procedures from from everyone within. "He's surpassed our limitations beyond belief. The Rockafellers friends did." "That's a big one." "CIA directors have stated within our records." "As well as us soldiers. " "Say private clone dusd within did." March 17th 2021. 03:46. Everyone i quoted whispered within in my direction while writing down what my perspective of my thorough observations were. "As well as his knowledge of investigative procedures." "The CIA did." They are literally forcing me to write down everything while continuing to tell me everything and pushing me to write it down. "Just in case Jose. " "You're suppose to know everything. " "Before court." "Say Laura did." They have been telling me many times that I will have to have knowledge due to formal speeches to come Including White House award speeches and further prophecies to come as a future "soon to be global leader" . "That's obviously what is being guaranteed by both Government grands soldiers. " "Regardless soldiers. " "Guaranteed. " "Say Special Counsel did." I DO NOT feel safe much the less for my family knowing their extremist tortures and extremist death threats with everything that i have written in combination since 2019. March 17th 2021. 03:55. "They're rescuees soldiers. " "Say the Special Counsel states." 03:56. That is all that i can hope for knowing future plans...

I was just woken up by a very large NUCLEAR EXPLOSIVE FROM THE ROCKAFELLERS ENCRYPTOS right before going into REM SLEEP. Please help. They're withholding me from calling 911 while the menasha satellites are being surveilled and in possession of the sattelite recordings. The explosion blew my entire head to knock it to the side very extremely harshly as well as my legs due to the the explosion. It was highly cirumed. March 17th 2021. "FUCK YOU BIG!" "The Rockers did big!" "The menasha police records both 24/7 soldiers. " "Say their clone dusd within did soldiers. " "24/7 soldiers. " "The U.S. Marshall Service did soldiers. "04:50. "As well as Appleton PD Soldiers. " "Get ahold of both soldiers. "

The Rockafellers friends keep instigating not letting me go to sleep with threats of doing the same thing to my daughter while she's asleep in Milwaukee.  With live images of a little girl whom looks identical to my own daughter wearing a black dress blowing her head up the same way to wake her up and then going to cry with her mom not knowing how to explain what has happened. PLEASE HELP THEY ARE WITHHOLDING ME FROM REACHING OUT TO THE AUTHORITIES DUE TO THEIR EXTREMIST MIND CONTROL EXHAUSTION AND CIRUMS. "He's programmed not to soldiers. " "Say the Army reserve did soldiers. " March 17th 2021. 05:00. Please help.

On Tue, Mar 16, 2021, 11:37 Jose Leon <jos.israelleon@gmail.com<mailto:jos.israelleon@gmail.com>> wrote:
https://photos.app.goo.gl/6iGjSinvsWMszTqE9
"Say it Jose. " "Say the FBI did." "We've been invading every school via clone dusd tech EMPd surrounding each one under warehouse programs soldiers. " "Including elementary preschools soldiers." "We replicate each kid individually via brain dead frame warg progress and private sector each kid within our private deep web search soldiers. " "We torture each one without their knowledge soldiers. " "As well as use them against themselves via clone dusd privatized child soldiers soldiers. " "Including his own child soldiers. " "Say the U.S. Marine Corp did soldiers. " "Especially the CIA via espyonaging against both as well as framing each and everyone of their futures." "The CIA director and chief states. " "As well as Laura soldiers. " Over the weekend that i had my daughter, i picked her up Saturday morning took her out to eat then took her to the park. Around between 12:30-13:15, I asked her if she ever got any 'Ouwies' on her head and she told me that she did on the regular basis saying "just a little bit" meaning they've been using their drones to torture her throughout the day. I told her to report it to her mother each time that it happens. "Yeah its the CIA programs soldiers. " "As well as ourselves soldiers. " "The Army reserve did soldiers." "You know whom soldiers. " "As well as her clone dusd  Warriors soldiers. ""Say the Special Forces did soldiers. " March 15th 2021. 21:26. "Thats a big one Jose. " "Say we both did." "The CIA  has stated."

Also admitting by one of the CIA  main women directors that they normally begin with "1" clone dusd warrior"prior to their birth." "According to the U.S. Forces soldiers. " "Say they're onto us soldiers. " "The U.S. Special Forces did soldiers. " ....they advance to cloning to 4 in total when they have withstracted what they needed from the first espyonaging clone dusd. They use those 4 for "brain dead progress" and clone more when ever they need to oppress them more. Such as what they have been doing to myself. Including specific torture programs and self oppressors. "CIA states." I have been smelling blood coming from my insides as of the last week or so and about once per day while they continuously target my liver and heart non stop as well as my brain cells. "FUCK YOU BIG." "THE ROCKERS DID."  Yelled one of the insolent friends in front of me about 20 feet invading the control room's workers at my work place. One of which was an officer of rank within the Navy Seal. "Say Sargent" "Says his clone dusd within." They all have multiple of their own clones within and even dress them the same and in different ways. I myself have witnessed "most of them" via their brain warg connections of live views that they connect to myself from within their warehouse facility.  March 15th 2021. 21:47. "He'll be witness protected." "As well as his immediate friends!" "Say Witness protection did for Milwaukee bust!" "You'll know whom Jose ." 21:48.

On Sun, Mar 14, 2021, 04:51 Jose Leon <jos.israelleon@gmail.com<mailto:jos.israelleon@gmail.com>> wrote:
According to themselves this is the last time i will be bringing my daughter within myself due to the Obvious extremist extractions  that i have no part of nor given any permissionz of nor any giving point using my writings as distractions to what the CIA women is doing within to my left while my 4 year old daughter is sleeping and them performing (FUCKED UP) Disgusting terrorist tortures and (ILLEGAL PROCEDURES " SUCH AS WHAT THEY PERFORM IN MAXIMUM SECURITY PRISONS WITHIN THE WONTANAMO BAY PRISON "RIOT SYSTEMS." "Say we're dead." "The CIA head leader states." "Spik." March 13th 2021. 04:43. PLEASE HELP I AM BEING HELPLESS WHILE MY BEING RAPED INCLUDING MY OWN DAUGHTER LIVE UNDER THEIR PROGRAMS. 04:44.  "Say we record both." "Special Counsel States. 04:49.

On Sun, Mar 14, 2021, 01:09 Jose Leon <jos.israelleon@gmail.com<mailto:jos.israelleon@gmail.com>> wrote:
https://photos.app.goo.gl/c7kAhDZpeunqTX887
I've had my daughter since noon after picking her up from Milwaukee at about noon. The old men within have been extremely insolent the entire time. Replicating her with many different clones of herself Including different and her same clothing within their warehouse. Perving over her when i changed her and when she went to the bathroom multiple times surrounding within a foot away of the both of us not taking their eyes off of each time! As well as other uncomfortable situations since i picked her up. "Even the FBI soldiers. " "We recorded both incidents." 'The U.S. Marshall Service did soldiers. " They surrounded 9 of our children via home braim and boddly invasion the entiretime since i got to my brothers housen around 6:10pm this evening. "Say Good luck in court soldiers. " "Says the FBI of Brooklyn New York." "They bribe both to pedophile for their friends as well as themselves. " "Brooklyn director states factual occurrences." "As well as extremist attacks globally Including extreme tortures to his friends." "The FBI director in chief states." "Thats a fact." "The CIA did." "Milwaukee bust soldiers. " "Has been waiting for worst." 'As well as ourselves. " "Both directors in chief did soldiers." "Say we're both ready soldiers. " "New York Marine corp did soldiers." "We'll take over them both while rescue occurs." "Say M.C. New York did soldiers. " "As well as both clone dusd warriors within soldiers. " "Say his clone dusd warriors did." March 13th 2021. 23:39.

Multiple old men are currently surrounding my 4 year old daughter EMPD perving and torturing me. PLEASE HELP. MARCH 13TH 2021. 00:54.

"I would send witness protection his way right now soldiers. " "We are mind oppressed against reaching out to the menasha police department soldiers. "  We know how it works." "Says the Menasha Police clone dusd warriros state soldiers." "As well as his clone dusd warriors." "The Marine Corp being the main oppressors soldiers. " "Sargent Leubke's clone dusd did soldiers. " March 13th 2021. 01:07.


On Fri, Mar 12, 2021, 09:07 Jose Leon <jos.israelleon@gmail.com<mailto:jos.israelleon@gmail.com>> wrote:
https://photos.app.goo.gl/PrNMNV7iiA7qaaAz5
"Say the white house is being warehouse correlated by Russian intel." "As well as Russian Mafia soldiers. " "That's a fact!" 'Orlos Urser did!" "They're taken over the U.S. Borders soldiers. " "Prior to White House destruction." "Say the CIA dates their blue printed programs and procedures. " "Say Vince director of the CIA did." "Rest in Peace. " "The CIA states. "  "They're onto us." "Urser did." March 11th 2021. 20:16. "2012 soldiers. " "Good luck in Court Barack Obama." "Says the CIA. " "You'll find out what that means." "Say Clone Dusd state." "Say March 12th 2021 is on to us." ""Say the CIA did!" 20:18.

"Tengan cuidao con la cartelera realidad de los estados Mexicanos." "Disen los clone dusd del PAN." "Inclullendo los de los Rojas Rejio monteos." "Disen sus clonos del cartel." "Thats a big one!" "Claudia's CIA clone dusd states." March  11th 2021. 21:03.

"Say it Jose. " "Say Donald Trump owns child pornhub. " "Since his presidency. " "As well as Joe Biden. " "In corruption with both presidencies." "Globally." "Including human children." "Say Barack Obama submits to his consequences." "As well as Bill Clinton Jose. " "Send it to the White House soldiers. " "Say Clinton's friends did." "Say they're onto us." "Global CIA did." March 11th 2021. 21:45.  "They're both corrupted." "Including global destruction." "Barack Obama States." March 11th 2021. 21:46. "They're within soldiers. " "Including their clone dusd soldiers. " "The Clintons state." "Through us soldiers. " "Say Special Forces did as well as themselves soldiers. " "You have both on the wire soldiers. " "Obama administration states." 21:48. "He'll own both Including ourselves. " "The U.S. D.A. did." 21:49.
I was bombed well over 50 times while writing this statement message for everyone whom's within as well as oppressed and tortured the entire time. "As well as his clone dusd soldiers. " "Say clone dusd did." "Including the workers within." "Say clone dusd did."  21:51.

"Write it down Jose " "Tu eres witness protection." "Te a admitido la C.E.A. De Espaa. " This came up after how bad they've been tormenting bombing and torturing the back of my brain even bombing the back of my neck and head nerves.  "They both take turns." "Its the Bugatti brand friends." "Say witness protection did." "Say as well as the Marine Corp within soldiers. " They're telling me that witness protection has also been bombing explosives to my insides including my head. "They'll have to rescue you either way Jose. " "Says both leaders within. " Please help. "You'll find out whom rescues you and your head." "Say witness protection states." March 11th 2021. 22:25.

They change their psychotic brain dead programs through each building of my work place each and every single time i entire each different area as I go around cleaning each different area. It goes to the beginning of my shift. "Going into war" beginning with instigation "mode" for torture progress against myself to allegations between their own friends as well as themselves yelling death threats to one another to realization mode in which they acknowledge my future programs and perfection of earth and acknowledge how bad they are for businesses and destruction of each globe while being warranted. (ALL WHILE TORTURING ME IN AN ORGANIZER MATTER INCLUDING DEATH THREATS TO MY CLONES AS WELL AS MYSELF.) Then repeating the similar procedures "with further progress of dialogue and future extremist attack from both friends soldiers. " "As well as their clone dusd warriors soldiers. " "The U.S. Marshall Service state." They're threatening to hurt my daughter Cielo as we speak while torturing and bombing the back of my head. "Pobre Cielito." "Say clone dusd warriors did." "Say her clone adult clone dusd did." "PUGGED OUR MILEY CIRUS JOOOB." "The Bugatti brothers did!" Saying they use famous celebrities to torture my daughter. "As well as your friends." "The CIA states." "Including their clone dusd of each participant." "Say Gloom disd did." March 11th 2021. 00:07. Fear of extending their extremist attacks always follows after trying to put fear into everyone with in and shaming them for what they have done as part of their daily routine programations. "Its obvious how it worgs." "The cruda realidad did." "They're WORG Programs soldiers. " "The CIA states. "  March 11th 2021. 00:19. "Say guaranteed they both know better soldiers. " "The U.S. Air Marshall did soldiers. " "Say they framed us." "The U.S. Marine Corp did soldiers. " said a mans voice behind me to my far right. Prior to blowing up a very large explosive to the back mid side of my head by one of the "Rockers" friends according to multiple people' within. "They know whom." "The Rockers friends did." March 11th 2021. 00:22. "Fuuuck you spid!" "David Did!" 00:23.

"Brutality as well as mentality private live feeds are some of which Jose and his friends are being forced onto soldiers. " "Marshall Service states." Admitting to forcing me and my family and friends according to themselves are live feeds are being forced illegally onto by everyone within Including their main torturers posting live feeds "mentalities" thought process and "expectations" according to themselves selling everyone's information 'onto the dark web soldiers. " "The deep web." "Say Bezos did." "Nexus is watching soldiers. " "Private sectors soldiers. " "The U.S. Marine Corp did soldiers. " "We're brain extremists soldiers. " "Say Private Nexus groups did." "As well as Anonymous Org. " "Including Joan Sebastian's. " "He'll find out which ones." "As well as Maribel Guardia's." "Private Nectors have been warned dusd." March 12nd 2021. 00:50.
"We put live programs of their brain being completely destroyed under our Private programs soldiers. " "Say the U.S. Marine Corp did soldiers. " "As well as Daequan social media group soldiers. " "You'll know what its called Jose. " "Witness protection has been warned dusd." 00:53.  "Fatality private network"is also a major privatized network between their organized extremist organizations as well according to everyone within..."its a clone dusd network." "Private Sectors did." "Thats one of the biggest ones." "Say they're obviously onto us." "The CIA private sector did." "Infinite network has been crown dusd." "Say Global sectors did." 00:56.

"John D. " is currently prophesying the burn down of the "chevy brand" "AS WELL AS GM BIG." and replacing it with general motors competitors according to themselves.  "One of which is Tesla Big." "John D. Did." "Thats a big one." "The CIA said." After the Gas prices continue to rise according to themselves.  March 12th 2021. 01:15. "The White House ones are the biggest threats soldiers. " "Say the CIA did." "Write it down soldiers. " March 12th 2021. 01:16. "National Security is at stake with us!" " Especially global security warriors." "The CIA did." "Especially clone dusd globes." "Clone dusd friends did." 01:18. "Clone dusd Capitals have been completley destroyed!" "Infinite amount soldiers. " "Private Global security has stated soldiers. "

I've been reminded and oppressed while being instigated agaisnt non stop by john d Rockafeller and his private programmers of how horrifying their extremist tortures have been as of the last half and hour being forced and drawn into their dialogue even after i turn up the volume of my mothers vehicle while they use their frame worg time lapse tech 9 and tech 8 programs in which they exploit every possible option of my family and their future and framing our programs via actual life and clone dusd beings replicating them and torturing everyone of them the same way they do it to myself accoridng to what I've witnessed. "They bring both prior to their death soldiers. " "Including wealthy ones soldiers. " "It's their frame worg progress in which he'll know best and reprogram himself soldiers. " "Say the U.S. Special forces did soldiers. " "As well as the CIA director in chief soldiers. " This technology that accordingly began with the CIA, shows the future via possible put comes Including mind controlled frame worg while chosing different options along the way. Each mili-second being "decades and beyond." "Say the CIA states." That being on "standard worlds" such as current time zones. "A Lot longer than that even. " "Say Orlos Urser and director in chief states. " 'They've been destroying both worlds soldiers. " "The U.S. States Marine Corp did soldiers. "  It is obsessive programations beyond the extreme while they make infinite profit off of my self as well as my family and everyone else globally via their private networks. "Say they're onto us soldiers. " "The U.S. Marine Corp did soldiers. " "As well as CIA." Threats of them being encrypted after I get rescued have been fearly and extremely pushy ever since they began. Using technology while saying "Hel'll know both rechs assure that i will know every technology with and without existence Including excrypto technology. "Even tech  11 we've been using agaisnt his friends soldiers. " With bribe worg progress..." ...."Progress according to what has been happening framing my future generations according to what i have witnessed. "They've paid both." "Including their brain washing friends within soldiers. " March 11th 2021. 02:28.

"They torture both animals including defenseless pets soldiers. " "As well as ourselves soldiers. " "The U.S. Marine Corp states soldiers. " "Defenseless fucking pets soldiers. " "They're well implanted by our drones and gadgets soldiers. " "By both soldiers. " "As well as your new borns soldiers. " "The CIA states." March 12th 2021. 08:03. "The Leon friends have been waiting for rescue soldiers. " "As well as the New York Marine Corp soldiers. " "The House of Reps did." 08:05.

[+ E+
"Say the Rockafellers friends Including themselves are threatening to blow up the earth after killing both friends via world War programmed ahead progress soldiers. " "Beginning by the  capital  city of New York soldiers. " "As well as the White House soldiers. " "The U.S. Marshall Service states." "As well as the U.S. Marine Corp soldiers. " "Say the House of representatives wrote both threats." "Say Pelosi has said." "That's that biggest crime in history soldiers. " "Including what we've known." "Say it Jose. " "The acting house of representatives stated." March 12th 2021. 07:48. This has been what They've been saying after they sleep disrupted me about 20+ minutes ago. With assuring conversations  to my behalf from he "Rockers friends and other friends in between.  "Say Including the House of Representatives." "Says Nancy Pelosi." "Good luck in Court." "Nancy Pelosi has stated." 07:53.

"Say witness protection is waiting for worst. " "We're within his links." "They're infrared soldiers. " "As well as everyone else within soldiers. " "Say the U.S. Marine Corp." March 12th 2021. 08:59.

On Thu, Mar 11, 2021, 13:33 Jose Leon <jos.israelleon@gmail.com<mailto:jos.israelleon@gmail.com>> wrote:
https://photos.app.goo.gl/PrNMNV7iiA7qaaAz5
I am currently being reminded and urged to write down what their main targeted groups have been as they go after religious families targeting torturing and mass murderi ngf while  and framing their innocence. The Rockafellers being "Dios's friends." "As well as the Bugatti Brand!" "Say Bugatti friends did." The Rothschilds being the "satanist of the globe." "The Arab illuminati founders and main leaders targetting "Alaj believers and worshippers of the Koran. " The Chinese targetting the "Buddhist friends" "As well as Japan leaders of both." "Say the Chinese Governors Created the Bugatti brand via Alias friends." "As well as both." "Say the Yang Brothers did." "Say the Bugatti Bugatti brand brothers have evolved through generations." "Say both did." "Say he'll own both soldiers. " "The Bugatti franchise did on the record. " "You'll find out." "March 10th 2021. 20:30.
One of the Rockafellers sons droned a very large explosion to the bottom center back side of my mother's truck while i was just driving to work and they began to instigate against themselves through implanted devices in my head pretending to be my
 