Some people who received this message don't often get email from mildredelisantiago@gmail.com. Learn why this is important<https://aka.ms/LearnAboutSenderIdentification>
District Attorney Ozanne,

My name is Mildred Santiago. I live in Houston, TX, and I graduated from Texas A&M University in 2022. I am very fond of dogs, and have a soft spot for Beagles, thanks to the Charlie Brown comics.

I am writing because I have concerns that criminal abuse at Ridglan Farms in Dane County is occurring as I am typing this email. There are hundreds, if not thousands of dogs that need our help to put an end to their abuse and cruelty. These are innocent animals that cannot leave, and do not have a voice of their own to defend themselves. You might, or might not have a dog, and this is an important matter. Over many decades, Ridglan Farms has been breeding dogs for brutal experiments. In the case that you are not aware, they are mutilating these dogs without any real veterinary care, or even pain medicine/anesthesia. I cannot imagine the pain these poor animals suffer every day; I cannot even imagine a doctor performing surgery on me without medication. These poor animals are then confined in small metal cages, alone, without the comfort of someone. They are forced in solitude and forced to stand on wired cages and their own feces every second of their lives. This then leads to psychological trauma, as if their physical suffering was not enough. The wire in their cages cause foot injuries and infections that no one bothers to treat.

Instead of prosecuting Ridglan for these offenses, you have instead prosecuted the rescuers of these innocent dogs. Please don't allow thousands of dogs in your county to endure animal abuse. Prosecute Ridglan Farms, do whatever it takes. Be their voice! You were put into a position where this is possible. You have vowed to serve, and now is your opportunity to show your community your commitment to those vows. This goes even beyond your own community. This story has reached people like me, in a completely different state.

I will email everyday if that is what it takes to get your attention. Please take action, and please advise if there is anything I can do to help this cause.

Best regards,

Mildred Santiago

(832) 655-8082
mildredelisantiago@gmail.com
Houston, TX
