[You don't often get email from queenbee1313@icloud.com. Learn why this is important at https://aka.ms/LearnAboutSenderIdentification ]

Hello, I am writing to the office of the District Attorney in hopes that they will listen to the thousands of people, myself included part of the #BegalBetrayal movement asking them to shut down Ridgland Farms and charge them with animal abuse! I stand with Wayne Hsihung and his attorneys that are attempting to end the suffering and abuse of thousands of Beagles. These poor animals are forced to live in horrible and abusive conditions every day of their life, knowing nothing but abuse in a cage, yet the company has the audacity to say they provide them with good care and medical support, but they do things such as illegally surgically mutilate dogs without anesthesia, pain medication or an actual veterinarian present. Surgeries being done to humans aren't done when they're awake they give them pain medication or anesthesia. They don't just cut into a human because obviously it would hurt. Obviously it would panic the person if they saw what was being done to them especially if they knew that the person operating on them had no medical training whatsoever, yet they expect these poor dogs to go through all of these horrible abuses that they themselves wouldn't go through yet they expected to just endure it. They can't say anything because the dogs don't have a voice like people do and that's why I am standing up for them and being their voice and millions of people like me in the world feel the same, thousands of people feel the same way about this movement, and I hope that you listen to us and actually do something to help these dogs.These poor dogs will never know the joy of being loved by a family. They will never get to know what it feels like to run in grass and play with a squeaky toy or chew a bone. They will never get to know what it is like to feel safe and loved. These poor dogs will live their entire lives in torture and suffering and wonder what they did to deserve that. I don't know how any human being could allow for something like this to happen let alone know about it and actively do nothing about it. Would any of this be acceptable for humans? If this were happening to humans, would you care then would something actually be being done to help these animals? Animals have emotions and feelings just like people do, there is no actual scientific reason as to why animal testing is used it's simply because "people have rights and dogs don't". Dogs deserve the same respect we give to humans. How can your attorneys defend  murders and animal mutilators? The law is supposed to bring justice to those who do wrong, however in this case and many others justice has not been served. Serve justice to Ridgland Farms. Shut down this horrible torturous and abusive place and hold all of them responsible for the horrible, heinous crimes that they have done.
I stand with these animals and the attorney decedent them! #BeagleBetrayal
