You don't often get email from dslaschiava@comcast.net. Learn why this is important<https://aka.ms/LearnAboutSenderIdentification>
Dane County District Attorney Ismael Ozanne,

I am contacting you today to urge you to investigate and prosecute Ridglan Farms for criminal activity involving both State animal cruelty and Federal Animal Welfare Act (AWA) violations.  DxE investigators have documented the filthy conditions at the Ridglan Farms facility as well as the horrific physical and psychological trauma of the dogs shown spinning endlessly inside small barren cages.  Their investigation also clearly revealed Ridglan Farms violating state and federal animal welfare laws, such as:


  *   Surgical mutilations without anesthetics or veterinarians present
  *   Confinement in small metal cages, often in solitary confinement, leading to psychological trauma for the dogs
  *   Improper flooring and housing, causing severe foot injuries and infections in puppies

While I am relieved to have learned that the state has dropped all the charges against Eva Hamer, Paul Darwin Picklesimer, and Wayne Hsiung, this does not
absolve the state of its responsibility in holding Ridglan Farms accountable for their criminal violation of animal welfare laws causing unspeakable torment and torture
of the dogs at their facility. It was a gut-wrenching experience for me to view the
DxE video. I am 100% certain that had the trial convened, the public at large would have been outraged as well!

Instead of prosecuting Ridglan for these hideous offenses, you chose instead to prosecute the rescuers of these dogs. It would be an appalling injustice and egregious insult to the Rule of Law to continue to allow thousands of dogs in your county to endure any further criminal abuse and unspeakable suffering for one moment longer.

I implore you to do the right thing and prosecute Ridglan farms, not animal rescue!

Most Sincerely,

Dona LaSchiava
DSL Animal Advocacy
556 W. Paseo Solana
Green Valley, AZ  85614













