Some people who received this message don't often get email from tammy@tacomainjurylawgroup.com. Learn why this is important<https://aka.ms/LearnAboutSenderIdentification>
This is a request that you address the ongoing torture and cruelty at Ridglan Farm and SHUT IT DOWN!!!  Protests and public sentiment are only going to get WORSE for Ridglan Farms!  Kudos to DxE!!!

Very Truly Yours,

Tamara S. Clower
Attorney-at-Law
TACOMA INJURY LAW GROUP, INC., P.S.
A Professional Services Corporation, Attorneys At Law
Physical: 1019 Regents Blvd., Ste. 101, Fircrest, WA 98466
Mailing: P.O. Box 65169, University Place, WA 98464
Tel: (253) 472-8566 / Fax: (253) 475-1221


1. The information contained in this e-mail and accompanying attachments constitute confidential information which may be an attorney-client privilege and/or protected by attorney work product privilege and is intended for the sole use of the addressee.  If you are not the intended recipient of this information, any disclosure, copying, distribution or the taking of any action in reliance on this information is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. This information is the property of Tacoma Injury Law Group, Inc., P.S.  If you received this e-mail in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by calling (253)472-8566, and delete this communication from both your inbox and deleted items folder.
2. This e-mail transmission may not be secure and may be illegally intercepted.  Clients of Tacoma Injury Law Group, Inc., P.S., are asked to use their best judgment in determining whether the topic of an e-mail response is such that it would be better saved for a more secure means of communication.
3. Receipt of this e-mail does not create an attorney-client relationship. You are not a client of this law office unless you have signed an attorney/client agreement for representation. Furthermore, our office does not accept engagement of services or disengagement of services via e-mail.
4. The sender believes that this e-mail and any attachments were free of any virus.  However, by reading this message and opening any attachments, the recipient accepts full responsibility for taking remedial action regarding any viruses or other defects. The company accepts no liability for any damage caused by any virus transmitted by this email.
5. Any views or opinions presented in this email are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of the company. Employees of Tacoma Injury Law Group, Inc., P.S. are expressly required not to make defamatory statements and not to infringe or authorize any infringement of copyright or any other legal right by email communications. Any such communication is contrary to company policy and outside the scope of the employment of the individual concerned. The company will not accept liability in respect of such communication, and the employee responsible will be personally liable for any damages or other liability arising.
6. Attorneys of Tacoma Injury Law Group, Inc., P.S., are licensed to practice law in Washington State and do not intend to give legal advice to anyone with legal matters not involving Washington Law or Federal Law.
7. TACOMA INJURY LAW GROUP, INC. P.S. DOES NOT ACCEPT SERVICE FOR ANY TYPE OF LEGAL DOCUMENT OR PLEADING BY EMAIL OR FAX WITHOUT PRIOR WRITTEN APPROVAL FROM AN ATTORNEY OF TACOMA INJURY LAW GROUP.

Visit us at www.tacomainjurylawgroup.com





