You don't often get email from ont.bekah@gmail.com. Learn why this is important<https://aka.ms/LearnAboutSenderIdentification>
Dear Mr. District Attorney,

I am enclosing a letter for your review in regards to the upcoming Ridglan Farms case to be heard on March 18th, 2024.   I would humbly request that you read my letter.

I must truthfully preface this email by sharing I am not a Wisconsin resident; however, I have rescued a beagle from the Envigo center in Cumberland, VIrginia, in 2022.  Over 4,000 beagles were rescued from that particular center.  I wish to provide crucial, first-hand insight into the life-long traumas these dogs endure as a result of being bred in captivity in deplorable conditions only to be sold for animal testing purposes.

I also wish to provide you with my own first-hand experiences that occurred during my time visiting Madison in 2022.  I will provide you with a first-hand account of how Madison, and therefore Dane County, is inept in understanding not only civil rights for disabled persons such as myself but also implements practices that infringe upon the rules and regulations regarding service animals.  Specifically, I am referring to my experience at the Olbrich Botanical Gardens which, according to the Olbrich Botanical Gardens website, is a direct extension of the City of Madison.

I have grave concerns that government bodies within the State of Madison are ill equipped to handle cases involving heavy bioethical decisions where the welfare of sentient beings are involved- especially considering that I have personal experience that the City of Madison itself neither enforces nor understands the basic civil liberties protected by the U.S. Department of Justice and Civil Rights.

I appreciate your time and consideration.  For transparency, I will be submitting copies of this letter to other organizations, such as but not limited to the Department of Justice (Civil Rights Division),  that I feel may also benefit from the information within its contents.

Respectfully,

The Honorable Rebekah Ontiveros
Member, Lovettsville Town Council
